
well my problems with your cover story are:
   i) It leaves you in Laibstadt when the rest of the party is in World's End, 500 km away
   ii) The idea of there being some kind of OHS people is anachronistic
   iii) it has a weak motivation for your character joining the party.

Now here are my suggested amendments to your cover story.

Euphemia Ungart (Helja's cover identity). Parents were traders living in Carrag Caislean. When travelling with a dwarven trading party to Gereburg to trade quality dwarven arms and chests (the Ungarts being expert locksmiths) the family was ambushed by a Dark Elf raiding party, rarely seen this far from the coast.  Euphemia's mother managed to lock Euphemia in a trunk and throw it into the river before the party were attacked (presumed slaughtered).

Euphmia's chest was found in the river by fishermen who took her back to Gereburg.  Using her skills as a locksmith Euphemia plied a small trade on the streets of Gereburg before "supplementing" her income through other use of her locksmith skills.

In Gereburg she has seen many adventurers pass and has witnessed the fortunes they have acquired. She wishes to join the group to amass enough money to return to Carrag Caislean and restart the family line.

Or

Unjustly framed for the the theft of powerful merchant's coin she decided that now might be a good time to see the wider world and left Gereburg for World's End where she is hoping to embark on some ship post-haste in order to further expand her horizons.




Now.. Helja's backstory.. had we agreed that she was going to be an agent for the Drwarven Iron League by applying a gentle guiding hand the on political course in Gereburg, and the goings on in the court of Gerolt Draal, King of Aesirlund (by planting "evidence" on known opponents of the Dwarven nations, spying, dealing with counter agents, and occasionally removing particularly odious individuals).  Some part of Euphemia's back story can still be true.

Recently she found evidence that , had been


Following, Einar Blackheart, Gerolt Draal's chief spy master, to World's End.  Helja observed a meeting between Einar and a dark elf spy by the name of Ederin where the spy recited a highly secret itinerary of the Emperors planned movements for the next six weeks, leading you to believe that Gerolt Draal is
planning an assassination attempt on the 80 year old Seifrid Nerval I, Emperor of Brythinia.  In the wake of the Emperor's death the Empire would fall apart.

This confirms your suspicions that Draal and the Dark Elves have planned to split Hibernia between them.  Though how they planned to do that was, until now, a mystery.

After Einar left you managed to easily kill the Dark Elf spy; who for some reason was unable to cast spells.  Unfortunately you were not able to question him further.  Even more unfortunately, you were discovered by Einar's agents in the process.  However, you have managed to elude them so far.

You have delivered a message to an agent in World's End named the grey bearded Gunnbjorn Zweianvels, head of the Iron League in Hibernia, who will travel by cart to Laibstadt to inform their head agent in Laibstadt one Allus Grundewald (You're not supposed to know that .. by spying is habit forming).

However, now all the forces at Gerolt Draal's disposal have been tasked with your capture.  It can only be a matter of time before you are captured should you stay in the city.

As an aside, the typical approach to identify fellow agents is to talk about the power of knowledge
then say the phrase "Wissen ist Macht"  (knowledge is power).. to which the correct response is "Eisen ist stärker als Wissen" (iron is stronger than knowledge).

You can have as gear anything that Ederin still had, anything that you think it might be reasonable that you have and the magic items list I sent you.   Let me know if you take anything of Ederins.

cheers
   blaize






