
Also..  your character background.  Here's the plan... you work as a 007 type for the Iron League dwarven secret service (e.g. working for some kind of walsingham type figure in QE1 times).  You have intercepted, from a (ex) dark elf spy, a message to Gerolt Draal king of Aesirlund with the Emperor's itinerary for the next month or so.  Including carriage routes with a circled date, two weeks hence.  You have passed this information on to one Bertolt Gunderson (your immediate superior) who has informed you of his intent to travel to Laibstadt and inform the Emperor of a suspected attempt on his life. You have overheard that his contact in Laibstadt is one Allus Grundewald (who you've never heard of before).  Unfortunately, you were seen by the dark elf's companions and they are now searching for you.  You have to get out of the city. 

That's my proposal for your back-story.  Let me know what you think.  I am not at all committed to that back story.  For bonus points Ederin is the (ex) dark elf spy.  


Also I'll have some magic items for you:

Heirloom Dwarven Compass: a compass with multiple needles:
    red hand points to the north magnetic pole
    blue hand points to closest nearby source of fresh water (< 10km)
    grey hand points to the nearest city or village (<10km)
    yellow hand points to large ore deposits (within 50m, these are hard to detect)
    white hand points to something no one can remember what for.
If the hands can't find anything they rotate slowly.


Expanding Paste x2
A white pastey substance in a little terracotta clay pot (size of an apple) sealed with red sealing wax. when the white paste touches the air it expands and hardens.  The pot expands to about the size of a small keg of beer.  Can be resealed with fire.  4 small applications or one large one.

Gate Chalk
3 uses
greenish looking stick of chalk (just a stub).
creates a magical swirling vortex about a foot deep for 1 minute.

Clover Ring
appears to be a plain golden ring.. with a 4 leaf clove stamped on the face and no other adornment.
Use it for a reroll after any roll
Four uses

These are provided to you by the Iron League to aid in your missions.
They might be persuaded to supply other people with magical equipment ... if and when you feel that is warranted.
