
The sun has set and our weary travellers find themselves in a hostel on the west road to Neuport. 

But.. I get ahead of myself.  When last we met the great heroes of our tale were trapped in a sub basement under the Visearre mansion.  They quickly searched the place and fed Hannus to the unspeakable creature from the pit before making their way up the stairs, through the coal/root cellar and up again into the kitchen.  Lighting a small fire in the coal supply, they proceeded to create a distraction in the kitchens when Reed released a rat he had earlier caught in the attic (retconned with the aid of a fate point.. which we need to sort out the rules for).  So all five adventurers made good their escape into the night illuminated by the growing flames of the Chateau Visearre.

Having performed his task, Reed bade his farewell and disappeared into the night.   Seeing the opportunity, Döerte cast an invisibility spell and attempted to make off into the night with the map while our heroes were preoccupied with the departure of Reed. (what you say.. she can't have spells of that level?! (Fabs and I had a secret plan bwa ha hah ha.. ultimately didn't work though :( ))  Luckily Jericho noticed her sudden disappearance (rolled an 18+something on observation check) and attempted to tackle her (lucky again), knocking the map from her grasp.  Then Ederan attempted to cast a sleep spell on the wayward girl... unfortunately finding his powers had been drained from the nights exertion.  Döerte made good her escape (leaving the map, curses).

The remaining heroes travelled back to the Murenger Arms (Grundewald's Tavern by the Southgate) in the early morning hours.  Quickly entering lest the town guard find them and associate them with the goings on in high-town.  After a well-deserved rest the remaining heroes, the halfling cleric, the elf and the human found themselves eating a pleasant breakfast with Uthan the Sagacious, Grundewald, The (sometimes) Omniscient One, and Bruno the incompetent.  Uthan let it be known amongst our heroes that all was not well, and that he had reason to believe that at least one amongst his companions was an insidious mole.  

With no further leads to follow, all agreed that it was entirely Uthan's fault for not pointing out that the pursuit of additional information was not within the purview of their most recent assignment, our heroes one and all despaired of how they would proceed, having shown their hand to the venomous enemy hiding in the shadows.  Uthan decided that the best course of action would involve going to ground to avoid summary assassination by agents of the night.  However, Uthan realizes that laying low is not a viable long term strategy.  He must go on the offensive.  But unfortunately he has no idea how (since all the leads available to him have suddenly dried up... which was entirely his own fault).  So he sends out intrepid adventurers to the Perenelle Abbey, a local stronghold of Caiphon.  Uthan having taken the two younglings, Marta and Albert, under his care exits stage right to look after his own hide.

Caiphon is a god of purity. His followers practice eugenics and seek to purify the world through genocide and self-
flagellation.  They can be found throughout the empire usually causing trouble by picking on demi-humans.  They've been associated with various episodes of persecution of non-humans, humans who follow less well known deities.  They also formed the front-line during the Nerval rebellion, sometimes called the War of the Silver Flame, some 32 years earlier (where the ruling Gehrig family was overthrown (and slaughtered) amid widespread allegations of idolatry, human sacrifice, and other foul rituals).  Caiphon is the predominant god throughout Averoigne (~France), and is a major deity throughout most of the rest of the Brythinian empire (less so Hibernia). 

The initial plan was to proceed to Pernelle Abbey via ship.  Our adventurers, fearing some kind of double cross, decided to travel via Jericho's cart disguised as a family on pilgrimage to the Abbey.  Their trip was uneventful (ignoring a brief encounter with a band of gypsies).  They  arrived at the Abbey at the end of their fourth day of travel under the fell auspices of circling vultures to find the abbey under obvious signs of attack. 

Guarding the walls of the abbey when the players arrived were Revelle Nicholaus Babineaux a paladin of Caiphon and Brother Giles Janvier a monk of Caiphon.   After much debate, and the firm opposition of  Babineaux, the group talked their way inside where our heroes quickly discovered that all was not well.  The abbey had been under attack by wicked shape-changers.   It became apparent that the attackers were a band of werewolves whose motives remain unknown. 

The group obtained a meeting with the abbot, one Gaufridus Firmin, who had been greviously injured in the previous nights attack.   Gaufridus, suffering a fever and animal bites, was not entirely lucid.  However the players were able to ascertain that a child named Henri, held important information about cultist activity within the empire for the Abbott.   Further the abbott told the players that he received a notifcation of their arrival from Uthan via raven.  He further posited that the attacks on the abbey and the arrival of our adventurers were unlikely to be due to coincidence.   One can only assume that the actions of the players may have, somehow, provoked the unknown forces of evil to respond by striking at their opponents.  At this point he urged the players to end his suffering (as a follower of Caiphon he believes there is only release, one cannot regain purity, besides no one was able to heal his incipient Lycanthropy, for a follower of Caiphon such degradation could bot be tolerated).  Gaufridus urged the characters to look in the chapel before passing from the goblet of hemlock proffered by the cleric.   Gaufridus welcomed death with open arms rather than succumb to the terrible that racked his frail figure.  Ederan took this opportunity to search the body where he recovered a silver dagger hidden in Gaufridus' bedding.  When Giles was informed of the sudden death of the abbot the players noticed his surprise.  Giles expected the Abbot to live despite his grievous wounds and his fever - why?.

Our brave adventurers, quickly realizing that not all was as it seemed made their way to the chapel.  The chapel contained the ever-burning light of Caiphon (a brazier) and on further investigation the players found a cellar containing the bodies of the monks of the abbey.  They quickly realized that not only was Giles probably a werewolf, but that all the remaining inhabitants of the abbey were also probably werewolves.   Our protaganists left the chapel quickly in search of Henri, pausing briefly to obtain the Sandal of Egbert (see sidenote *).

* During the Seventh Orcish Invasion (1747 AUC)   Egbert of Aginor who marched through Averoigne to single-handedly crush the Orcish Horde of Grondlach against the walls of Laibstadt with only the grace of Caiphon and an army he raised along the way.  Egbert is the foremost prophet of Caiphon.  The sandals he used to crush the skull of the fallen Orcish leader are held in particularly high regard by the followers of Caiphon (only one remains).

Once the players made their way into the main courtyard they were signalled by henri using a reflective surface (a knife).  The Paladin Babineaux called Jericho, and his 'wife' (Ederan in disguise) up to the walls.  Where the paladin pointed out the small row boat tied to the docks in the shadow of the abbey and explained that they must leave the abbey immedietley and that he was forsaken.   When Jericho pointed out that, by helping the players leave, redemption was in his grasp, a weight was lifted from his heart and he gladly agreed to help.  Meanwhile, Alton had convinced Henri to come with them and to bring the Abbot's notes (Henri had been hiding on the storeroom roof).  The three heroes and Henri made a dash for safety.   Babineaux opened the gates for the players and closed them behind him.  Gladly giving his life fighting the "monks" of the abbey as they turned into colossal, furred, creatures of malevolent fury in order to give our heroes a few extra moments of time to escape and gain redemption in the eyes of Caiphon.

Once the players set their course down to the river with all hopes of getting away it became obvious that the werewolves were going to catch them.  They quickly ditched their wagon, instead riding the horses.  They fought a brief retreat before arriving at the pier with the werewolves at their heals.  Alton coerced the horses Billy and Dobin, into the water while Ederan laid down defensive fire.  Jericho untied the boat.  But the werewolves were determined, one leaping through the flames and biting Jericho on the shoulder before he could fling it in into the water behind him.  The group pushed off from the pier.  The two closest remaining werewolves lept at the boat.  One failed to make the distance, hitting the side.  The second, landing on the deck was immediately bull rushed overboard by Jericho.

Our three heroes arrived at the far bank (with the horses who had swum across with their halters tied to the boat) and with young Henri in tow.  The players wearily walked north to the old Aquillonian west-road and headed west till the found one of the fortified hostels that are scattered along all the major roads in the empire.  And now as the the sun sets our weary travellers find themselves in a hostel on the west road to Neuport (which is where this tale started).
