

The Happy Hog Inn
Gallowbridge
Crosses the River Lech


Areas...
  outside
  courtyard
  barn lower, upper
  privy
  curtain wall
  drinking room
  kitchen
  rooms upstairs
  Heinz bedroom downstairs.
  Well
  Trough for horses
  Stage
  Bar
  Large portrait of Emporer Gustav 


Patrons:

 Roland (Woland) VonBauer
   Son of a Lord.

 Versullio
   Roland's Tutor (Shape shifting, Illithid)

 Rolf Pandol
   Acquirer and Purveyor of Rare Goods (Fence)
   Coward.

 Regina Arginor
   Beautiful lady, (Thief .. with the hand of Rellor)
   Bag that she clutches to her bosom (contains her cloak and mask).

 Maester Gimmel
   Sage, scribe, Mr Exposition.

 Big Sally
   Serving wench.

 Gurusk Maradon
   Half-Orc big mouth and brute.

 Heinz Volks
   Owner .. trying to get the place clean for the big hanging.

 Heidi Volks
   Daughter of Heinz.. trying to get the place clean.

...


Artifact Back Story
Who made the artifact?

Aldinach, The Hand in the Shadows, The PuppetMaster.
Whispered in the night to Elogh of the Second Circle.  Ambitious..
Who created the Orb of Elogh (glass orb) to raise and control the dead.  (didn't say control all the undead).

Seventh Orcish War (which is going badly)
Oleg The Mighty

Eve of Saint Wulpus' Day
Also a celebration of the Battle of Gallowbridge
Feasting, hangings, jousting.



Scene 0 The 

  They have information regarding the theft of a magical item.
  They have information about the movements of a fence known to deal in these items.


Scene 1 The Road To Gallowbridge

  Encounter where they track Arginor back to the pub


Scene 2

  Sally, Heinz and Heidi are working/cleaning.
  Gurusk is drinking lots of beer
  Regina is sitting with Pandol.  Regina looks uncomfortable.  Pandol looks happy.
  Maester Gimmel sidels up to the characters and offers to tell them tales of when he worked for the great mage Ancient Garamundus
  Roland and Versullio are sitting in a corner.  Roland is watching Regina.

  Pandol has hired Regina to steal the Hand from some mage.  Pando is working for Versullio though he won't say so. 

  Chat with Maester Gimmel (who's in his cups and is looking for ale in exchange for talking bs)

  Gurusk picks a fight with someone for talking to Big Sally.

  Gurusk leaves.

  Pando gets up to go the toilet, swerves past the players, comments on the way the
  players handled Gurusk and introduces himself.  Asks if they
  are looking for work etc.

  Gurusk returns.. and falls down dead.

  The risen dead arrive (hundreds of them).

  Small amount of fighting.

  They start to break in.

  Pando flees while people aren't looking.

  Characters and remaining patrons must flee upstairs?


Scene 3

  The characters can barricade themselves in upstairs.
  Pause to let them think/heal.
  "Why are they attacking us?" .. after the hand?
  "What do they want?" .. they want the hand?
  "What is the hand?"..
  "Why don't they go straight to Pando?"?
  "Why don't they wait till morning.. when magic dissipates?"
  "Where's Pando?"  dead in the court.

  Clues..
    Regina looks guilty.  Has cloak in her bag.
    


Scene 4
  A fire is lit.
  
  Characters have to get to search pando to find the hand
  (It's in his backpack lying under a cart nearby).
  
   








